Hello, my name is Luis Estrada, and I'm a
software developer. In this video, I'll show
you how to sell computers online. Most people
start in the online computer business prefer
to use an intermediary like eBay to sell their
products. You could use eBay to sell just
one or as many computers as you want. If you
want just a few used computers, then this
would be the best option for you. Because
it allows you to publish your item in a manner
of minutes. However, if you want to make a
business out of this, it might be better if
you create your own online store on this website.
eBay provides all the necessary technology
that makes it easy to create your store without
having to code any html yourself. You will
be able to choose your own graphics, colors
and font types to give your store any desired
appearance. You can even insert your own logo
at the top of every page on your online store.
The only disadvantage of using eBay to sell
your articles is that you need to pay fees
and commissions for every computer that you
sell. When you list an item on eBay, you're
charged an insertion fee. If the item sells,
you are also charged a final value fee. The
total cost of selling an item is the insertion
fee plus the final value fee. The basic fee
structure depends on whether you're selling
the item using an auction style listing or
selling the item at a fixed price. In the
case of selling computers using an auction
style, you need to pay an insertion fee of
four dollars for computers that cost more
than five hundred dollars. Then you pay a
final fee of eight point seven five percent
of the initial twenty-five dollars plus three
point five percent of the remaining closing
value balance, if your computer is sold for
less than a thousand dollars. Most new computers
are sold at a fixed price. In this case, you
pay an insertion fee of thirty five cents
and a final fee of eight percent of the initial
fifty dollars, plus four point five percent
of the remaining closing value balance for
articles under a thousand dollars. If the
computer is sold for over a thousand dollars,
then you would add a few of one percent for
the exceeding value. According to these numbers,
if you sell a one thousand dollar computer,
then you would end up paying a total commission
of about forty-seven dollars, which represents
about five percent of the sale price. If your
utility percentage is perhaps ten or fifteen
percent, then a good portion of your earnings
goes to eBay. In the next video we will discuss
the possibility of creating your own online
store. That way, you do not need to pay fees
or commissions. I am Luis Estrada, and I've
just showed you how to make money with mere
websites.